Youremark (pronounced "Your remark") is a free, open-source comments system written in PHP.  I wrote it because I run a site (thefunshare.com) with its own login, and to integrate my login with third-party comments systems would be expensive.  I thought other sites might find it useful to have a commenting system integrated with their private login system.

Setup instructions:

1. Download youremark.zip and extract to your web directory.  youremark.zip contains youremark.php, createdb.html, createdb.php, dbfun.php, and css/comments.css:
- youremark.php: Template page for displaying comments.
- createdb.html and createdb.php: These files are used once to set up a comments table in your database.
- dbfun.php: PHP database functions.
- comments.css: CSS definitions for proper comment indentation.
2. Open createdb.html in your browser, and input your database info.  A comments table will automatically be created in this database.  (Note: you must have CREATE permission for this to work.)  By default, this table is set up as:
	column 1: commentid INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT
	column 2: eventid INT
	column 3: userid VARCHAR(25)
	column 4: replyto INT
	column 5: depth INT
	column 6: commentdate DATETIME
	column 7: body TEXT
with primary key commentid.  'eventid' is the unique identifier of the page that will have comments on it, which is assumed by default to be a number in the page URL -- for example, page 5 would be youremark.php?id=5.  If your site is set up differently, edit the 'CREATE TABLE' query in createdb.php.
3. At the top of youremark.php is an instruction to ENTER YOUR DATABASE INFORMATION HERE.  Type in your info (do not remove the single quotes).
4. You can use youremark.php as a template for the page you want comments on, OR you can copy-and-paste the blocks of code marked in the file.  If you copy-and-paste, note that your file must have a .php (not .html) extension for this code to work.

So far, I've only tested Youremark with MySQL 5.5.27 and PHP 5.4.6.  If you have trouble setting it up, feel free to contact me!

Jack Peterson (jack@tinybike.net)
License: LGPL